This To Do App is an entirely PHP - HTML based app.

The app allows the user to login (authenticate), visualize a todo list, add, edit, delete, save and export. Because
it includes different functionalities, I divided the app into 12 php files.

1. index.php		--> It's the first screen that a user sees, where it gives a brief explanation and a login link.
2. login.php		--> Allows the user to login into the app and redirects to view.php if the data is correct (the User Name can be
			 any email - looking like string and the Password is todo123).
3. logout.php		--> In case the user decides to logout at any minute from the app, this file will erase the authentication data.
4. view.php		--> It is the main screen menu. Here the user can visualize his/her todo list. If there is data in the database,
			the user can search a task by introducing a key word in the search bar or the user can sort the data by selecting
			one of the four options available. (Each todo task is composed by a title, brief description, the date it was added
			and the due date). The user can also add, edit or mark tasks as complete.
5. completed.php 	--> In this screen, the user can visualize a list of the completed tasks.
6. export.php		--> This file contains the code for exporting any of the two lists (todo list data or completed tasks data) as csv
			files.
7. add.php		--> In this screen, the user can introuce new tasks by filling in the blanks.
8. edit.php		--> In this screen, the user can edit or update a todo task entry.
9. delete.php		--> This file contains the code for deleting a selected todo task or completed task.
10. done.php		--> This screen will give the user the option of marking a todo task as completed (moving its data to another database),
			or deleting the todo task data.
11. bootstrap.php	--> It contains a simple template I used for a past project.
12. pdo.php		--> Configuration of database for being used by PHP with PDO.

For the database and running the app in a local server, I used MySQL through MAMP.
I created the database using the following commands.

For Creating the database:

create database assignment;

GRANT ALL ON assignment.* TO 'carlos'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'capt';
GRANT ALL ON assignment.* TO 'carlos'@'127.0.0.1' IDENTIFIED BY 'capt';

For creating the todo list table:

DROP TABLE todo;
CREATE TABLE todo (
   todo_id INT UNSIGNED NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT KEY,
   title VARCHAR(128),
   description VARCHAR(128),
   added DATE,
   due DATE
);

For creating the completed list table:

DROP TABLE completed;
CREATE TABLE completed (
   completed_id INT UNSIGNED NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT KEY,
   title VARCHAR(128),
   description VARCHAR(128),
   added DATE,
   due DATE
);

The user should start the app with index.php. The CSV file will be downloaded to the folder where the files of the app are at.

